Edda I thought I had problems
yeah neither did I thanks oh don't thank
me just yet oh sorry
oh yeah maybe you better sit down for a
while do you have any problems with
things like this
whatsoever no trick knee ruptured this
no I'm afraid it is bill wonder why you
are perfect thanks
no really does
know what when I was a kid I would have
given anything to be exactly like
everybody else you want to be Petty and
dishonest everybody's not like that yes
you don't like that how do you know what
I'm like
all I know is you're the most amazing
person with me Oh Meg when I'm with you
I don't feel so alone sometimes it's
better to be alone what do you mean
nobody can hurt you
ever and I don't want to hurt you so
let's both do ourselves a favor and stop
this
calm down mutton man it was all my fault
you're gonna go to the stadium and
you're gonna be put through the workout
of your life okay I'm sorry
Oh get over it